add arXiv link to real-world-voiceeq.md (#3472)
huggingface/blog: real-world-voiceeq.md

For decades, speech AI has advanced by optimizing against quantitative metrics on standardized benchmarks; from WER for transcription accuracy to objective perceptual metrics like PESQ and DNSMOS for speech quality. We hope Real World VoiceEQ can extend this paradigm by providing a human-grounded metric for evaluating the components of synthetic voice interactions.

> **Read the [full technical report](https://arxiv.org/abs/2607.14846) and explore the [public leaderboards](https://huggingface.co/spaces/HumeAI/rw-voice-eq)—or [get in touch](https://www.hume.ai/sales-form) to learn how Hume can evaluate your voice model or agent using Real World VoiceEQ, or design custom evaluations tailored to your specific use case.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Read the [full technical report](https://huggingface.co/papers/2607.14846) and explore the [public leaderboards](https://huggingface.co/spaces/HumeAI/rw-voice-eq)—or [get in touch](https://www.hume.ai/sales-form) to learn how Hume can evaluate your voice model or agent using Real World VoiceEQ, or design custom evaluations tailored to your specific use case.**
```
